Update Readme.md (#2)
DevExpress-Examples/winforms-pivot-grid-connect-to-an-olap-datasource: Readme.md

<!-- default file list -->
## Files to Look at

* [Form1.cs](./CS/WinOlapRetrieveFieldsExample/Form1.cs) (VB: [Form1.vb](./VB/WinOlapRetrieveFieldsExample/Form1.vb))
<!-- default file list end -->

## Example Overview

Follow the steps below to bind the Pivot Grid control to an OLAP cube:

1. Set the [PivotGridControl.OLAPDataProvider](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.PivotGridControl.OLAPDataProvider) property to  _ADOMD_.

2. Specify connection settings to the server in the [PivotGridControl.OLAPConnectionString](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.PivotGridControl.OLAPConnectionString) property. The following connection string is used in this example:

```
OlapConnectionString="Provider=MSOLAP;Data Source=http://demos.devexpress.com/Services/OLAP/msmdpump.dll;Initial catalog=Adventure Works DW Standard Edition;Cube name=Adventure Works;Query Timeout=100;"
``` 

> 3. Create Pivot Grid fields for OLAP measures and dimensions in following ways: 

Reviewer: Can you specify whether the list items below are _alternatives_?
For example, do you mean "in one of the following ways"?
Or are they steps?

Author: ```suggestion
3. Create Pivot Grid fields for OLAP measures and dimensions in one of the following ways: 

```

> - Use the [PivotGridControl.RetrieveFields](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.PivotGridControl.RetrieveFields(DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.PivotArea-System.Boolean)) method that create fields, moves them to the specified area, and makes them hidden. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use the [PivotGridControl.RetrieveFields](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.PivotGridControl.RetrieveFields(DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.PivotArea-System.Boolean)) method, which creates fields, moves them to the specified area, and hides them.
```

- Use [DataSourceColumnBinding](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.DataSourceColumnBinding)) and [OLAPExpressionBinding](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.OLAPExpressionBinding) to bind Pivot Grid fields to data.

> 4. Specify field settings. Use the field's [Area](https://docs.devexpress.com/CoreLibraries/DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.PivotGridFieldBase.Area) property to place the fields within the Pivot Grid Control areas: [Data Header Area](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/1688/controls-and-libraries/pivot-grid/ui-elements/data-header-area), [Column Header Area](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/1686/controls-and-libraries/pivot-grid/ui-elements/column-header-area), [Row Header Area](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/1685/controls-and-libraries/pivot-grid/ui-elements/row-header-area) or [Filter Header](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/1684/controls-and-libraries/pivot-grid/ui-elements/filter-header-area). Set the field's [Visible](https://docs.devexpress.com/CoreLibraries/DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.PivotGridFieldBase.Visible) property to `visible`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Specify field settings. Use the field's [Area](https://docs.devexpress.com/CoreLibraries/DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.PivotGridFieldBase.Area) property to place the fields within the Pivot Grid Control areas: [Data Header Area](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/1688/controls-and-libraries/pivot-grid/ui-elements/data-header-area), [Column Header Area](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/1686/controls-and-libraries/pivot-grid/ui-elements/column-header-area), [Row Header Area](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/1685/controls-and-libraries/pivot-grid/ui-elements/row-header-area), or [Filter Header Area](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/1684/controls-and-libraries/pivot-grid/ui-elements/filter-header-area). Set the field's [Visible](https://docs.devexpress.com/CoreLibraries/DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.PivotGridFieldBase.Visible) property to `visible`.
```
